### Breyer Hill
### Section 51

# Week FIVE
## Animation
 This week information has become my favorite part of this class. I enjoy being able to make the objects that we draw come to life. Going into this assignment I expected it to be easy as most every assignment we had done up until this point had been fairly easy. I was wrong. As you know I am submitting this assignment late. Prior to the actual due date I spent a considerable amount of time reading through the work and forums for help but could not figure out how to work with variables. I learned that my problem was in using the variables I created inside of the correct functions locally versus globally. This idea of separate variables was something that at first I had a lot of trouble processing but after going through the remainder of the class began to understand and feel more confident in using them. I also did not realize that using simple math like adding,subtracting,multiplying, and dividing could mess everything up so much. I combed through my code over and over for hours before I realized that i had accidentally used a _ in place of a - which did not work at all. The small mistakes are the most frustrating problems in coding for me. This is my reasoning for not turning in my old project on time and waiting till I understood more to retry this project. For this assignment we were asked to create an animated sketch that changes and developed over time. I decided to use ellipses and lines to create an eyeball shooting small laser beams from it. I decided to use the random function to add a bit of artistic flair to the eye but otherwise only used functions that we had previously learned..(I think). I used math to help me position the various pieces involved in creating the idea to make sure the eye looks almost the same all the time regardless of the users window size. All in all this is the assignment that I feel aided me the most in bettering my coding skills and though it took me a long time to finish I enjoyed it none the less. 
