Breyer Hill, Section 51
# Week 8
## This week we learned all about the various loops and what they are capable of doing. We learned about two types of loops, for loops and while loops. We learned that they ask a boolean question followed by a set of parameters. This basically means that a yes or no question is asked and if the answer is yes the code will preform the action you asked it to do. This is especially important in improving workflow. It is much easier to create one hundred ellipses using a for loop than it is to draw each individual ellipse. We also learned about nesting loops inside of other loops. For this assignment my goal was to create an interesting background first and for most. This is where I learned the most about the different loops. I struggles to get my circles to not only draw all across the x axis but randomly draw on the y axis. After tinkering around and experimenting with various different codes I discovered that I personally hated the syntax of the while loop and preferred the for loop. That is the reasoning behind my choice to only use for loops. Eventually i got my background to be filled with ellipses in various shades of blue, grey, and a greenish tone. I then created for loops that made my teeth appear to be moving randomly and kind of chattering. Kind of. I thought about toning down the craziness of my program as its a lot to look at but decided to embrace the wildness and just go with it from there. I used more for loops to create the black lines through the teeth to define each individual tooth. A subtle aspect of my project that I enjoy is the fact that all of it remains the same no matter what size the users window is. This is done simply by using the window heigh and window width inside of my various ellipse parameters. All in all I enjoyed the freedom that this assignment granted because I felt less restricted and stressed out that I wasn't going to get it exactly right.
