## **Breyer Hill**

## **Section 51**

 **[link to my canvas](["Hello World!" Sketch]https://breyerhill.github.io/120-work/hw-3/
)**


### In this lesson we learned about the p5 library. We learned that it is a library that uses the javascript language and allows users to complete simple codes. We learned how to set up a code by first using the function command followed by an action. I learned that it is extremely critical to type the code in the exact syntax of the language to insure that it will work. I spent half an hour trying to figure out why my code wasn't working only to discover that I had simply forgot a '}'at the end. We then learned about the createCanvas action. This function creates a canvas that can be viewed in a web browser. It is the exact color and size that the user wants it to be because they set the parameters. The user can easily view it as long as they have an index file inside their repository. We then learned about the draw function. This function can draw shapes and text to the canvas. The user sets within the function the parameters for what is to be drawn. I started the assignment by first creating new folders inside of my repository to hold all of my work for week 3. I then downloaded the empty example and copied it to my repository. We created the sketch within the atom app by typing in a setup function and instructed it to display 'hello world'. As I mentioned before, this is where I got caught up. I made the simply mistake of forgetting a character and it cost me a significant amount of time. After this I made sure to take my time and re-read the various functions. We then entered the createCanvas and draw functions and experimented with it's features. One question I have about createCanvas function is can we use hex codes or decimal codes to input exact colors? Also, with the draw function can I change the color of the the drawn item? I experimented with this but had no luck. I always space looking to the class issue tracker for help answering my questions but assume that if I had I would have been able to find help with changing the color. We finished the same as we did with the first assignment by committing changes and sending them to the cloud. It seems to be working correctly for me but is still extremely confusing because I don't fully understand what we did to set it up and how it all works. This assignment was much more enjoyable for me as I felt like I was actually getting to code finally.
