# Week FOUR
## Shapes
 This week was an interesting week as we learned about adding shapes to a canvas. We learned how to craft the basic shapes such as ***ellipses and rectangles***. We also learned that those basic shapes can be manipulated greatly to come out with the desired effect. One interesting thing that I noticed is that when creating a rectangle and or quad if you mix up the points you can create weird spiral shapes. We learned about **lines** as well and i found in my experience that these are some of the easiest shapes to draw. We learned that shapes can easily be changed **color** and the programmer has the ability to alter the **stroke**. We then leaned how to manipulate the axis of the of the canvas by using the **translate** function. I found it easier to put my 0,0 marker at the center of my canvas. We learned that things can be rotated with the **rotate function** and scaled with the **scale function**. We leaned about sand boxing using the **push** and **pop** functions. I knew that going into this assignment I was going to have to spend a large amount of time experimenting. I enjoyed this assignment because of how rewarding the finished product is. It may seem like an insignificant drawing that is not super high quality but when I think of the hours of work that were put in it feels much stronger. I avoided the comments and help section from my peers this week as I found the code and formatting to be difficult to feel like I was learning and remembering when I had someone fix the problem. I just referred to the class website module for guidance and used trial and error.
