### Breyer Hill
### Section 51

# Week SIX
## Math Functions


## This week we learned all about the various functions that can be used in programing within p5. We started it all of simple by learning the basic functions like how to add, subtract, multiply, and divide. The most complicated aspect of the simple terms was to remember that you can not divide by zero and the set up of the functions. Then we learned about combining the simple functions to create more diverse equations. This is done easily as long as you remember the order of operations and separate the operators with less precedence by parenthesis to insure the correct order. We next discussed the different types of numbers which went by easy and the only real take away was that float numbers are decimals while integers have no decimals. The map function had me worried while reading through the assigned reading thinking it was going o be difficult. While it was a challenge it came much easier than I had anticipated. The map function allows you to accomplish tasks such as changing the scope of the mouses x position from the whole screen down to half the screen. In my abstract flower like drawing i used a map function to allow the user to control the position of the circular part of the drawing based on a smaller scope. This allows the viewer to interact with the drawing. The function that I personally found most useful was the random function. this function allows you to have the computer randomly generate a number based off of certain perimeters that you control. We also learned about strings and how almost anything can be a string. We also talked about creating objects and giving them characteristics such as color. I enjoyed this weeks lesson and assignment and now feel much more confient in creating shapes as well as using math to control those shapes on the canvas. 
